Scraped Data
Vidyavardhini's College Of Engineering & Technology, Vasai Road
??????????????? ???????????? ??? ?????????? ???????????, ??? ???
(Approved by AICTE, DTE Maharashtra and Affiliated to University of Mumbai)
NBA & NAAC Accredited
Alumni Meets
Home»Alumni meets
Report on Alumni Meet- 2023
Event: Alumni Meet-2023Objectives:? An excellent opportunity for former students to reconnect,
network, and give back to their alma mater.? Provides a chance for alumni to stay connected with
their educational institution and contribute to its growth and development.
Description:On February 4th, 2023, the Alumni Association of Vidyavardhini?s College of
Engineering and Technology hosted the ?ALUMNI MEET 2023? to bring together and connect
former students. The occasion was especially significant as it marked the silver jubilee year of the
1998 batch. The presence of 465 alumni from the MECH, EXTC, Computer, IT, Civil, and INST
departments was noted. The meeting began at 5:30 pm, with alumni receiving a warm welcome at
the registration counter with a small gift. They then visited their respective departments to interactScraped Data
with their former professors.
Function began at 7 pm with Saraswati Vandana. Welcome speech was addressed by alumni
association co-ordinator, Mrs. Kanchan Sarmalkar. Dean Alumni, Dr. Archana Ekbote appealed to
all alumni to help, nurture, encourage their juniors so that the academics and the real world outside
can grow together hand in hand. Principal Dr. Harish Vankudre emphasized the importance of
industry-institution interaction and its significance for the future. The Dean Academics Dr. Vikas
Gupta presented the current academic performance of the students, while the Training and
Placement officer Mr. Prafulla Patil updated the alumni on the current VCET campus scenarios and
placements.
The Silver Jubilee 1998 batch alumni were honored during the event, with some of them expressing
their gratitude towards the professors who taught them and their appreciation for the tremendous
infrastructural development they saw. The gathering also enjoyed some cultural shows before a
dinner was arranged for the alumni, and the event ended smoothly. The alumni expressed their
gratitude for the successful arrangement and promised to attend future meetings.
Dr Archana Ekbote
Dean Alumni, VCET.
VCET Alumni Association Report of Virtual Alumni Meet 2021Scraped Data
Dr. Swapna Borde
Dean Alumni, VCET.
VCET Alumni Association Report of Alumni Meet - December 2019
Ms. Kanchan Sarmalkar
Co-ordinator, VCET Alumni association
VCET Alumni Association Report of Alumni Meet - February 2019
Ms. Kanchan Sarmalkar
Co-ordinator, VCET Alumni association
VCET Alumni Association Report of Alumni Meet 2018
Ms. Kanchan Sarmalkar
Co-ordinator, VCET Alumni association
VCET Alumni Association Report of Alumni Meet 2017Scraped Data
Ms. Kanchan Sarmalkar
Co-ordinator, VCET Alumni association
VCET Alumni Association Report of Alumni Meet 2014
Ms. Kanchan Sarmalkar
Co-ordinator, VCET Alumni association
Menu
Useful Links
Contact