Scraped Data
Vidyavardhini's College Of Engineering & Technology, Vasai Road
??????????????? ???????????? ??? ?????????? ???????????, ??? ???
(Approved by AICTE, DTE Maharashtra and Affiliated to University of Mumbai)
NBA & NAAC Accredited
E-CELL
Home»E-CELL
The entrepreneurship cell of V.C.E.T., known as ?E-Cell? is formed with an objective of fostering
entrepreneurship skills amongst the students of V.C.E.T.It is a student-driven and faculty-guided cell
striving to channel the competencies of the budding engineers. It started in the year 2015 and now
comprises an overwhelming strength of 50 students across various branches of V.C.E.T. Myriad of
activities like seminars, talks & prototype building of the ideas are conducted for the students to
strengthen their 6 Ps of success comprising of Patience, Persistence, Perspiration, Passion,
Perseverance, and Pragmatism.With a variety of programs E-Cell plays a key role in the
development of entrepreneurial skills and giving an opportunity to the deserving. At the same time, it
has been invoking a sense of responsibility towards the nation in students by empowering social
start-up?s as well.Objectives1. To inculcate entrepreneurial mindset amongst our students.2. To
help students validate their ideas.3. To help students get mentors who can handhold them.4. To
help students to find business ecosystem and funding opportunity. Over the years we have tried toScraped Data
meet our motto by hosting various entrepreneurial events such as the Bizmaster competition, the
Esummit and the Internship fair. We also hold various talk sessions with our students wherein
speakers and entrepreneurs from various business backgrounds share their experiences and
motivate the students to build a business mindset and help them to come forward with their ideas to
kick start their entrepreneurial journey.
It is a student-driven and faculty-guided cell striving to channel the competencies of the budding
engineers. It started in the year 2015 and now comprises an overwhelming strength of 50 students
across various branches of V.C.E.T. Myriad of activities like seminars, talks & prototype building of
the ideas are conducted for the students to strengthen their 6 Ps of success comprising of Patience,
Persistence, Perspiration, Passion, Perseverance, and Pragmatism.With a variety of programs
E-Cell plays a key role in the development of entrepreneurial skills and giving an opportunity to the
deserving. At the same time, it has been invoking a sense of responsibility towards the nation in
students by empowering social start-up?s as well.
Objectives1. To inculcate entrepreneurial mindset amongst our students.2. To help students validate
their ideas.3. To help students get mentors who can handhold them.4. To help students to find
business ecosystem and funding opportunity. Over the years we have tried to meet our motto by
hosting various entrepreneurial events such as the Bizmaster competition, the Esummit and the
Internship fair. We also hold various talk sessions with our students wherein speakers and
entrepreneurs from various business backgrounds share their experiences and motivate the
students to build a business mindset and help them to come forward with their ideas to kick start
their entrepreneurial journey.Scraped Data
2022-2023PITCH PERFECT:Elevate Your Startup Journey Through Pitch Perfect is a
transformative event for aspiringentrepreneurs. Over two days, students immerse themselves in
innovation, pitching creative business ideas to industry experts. With mentorship from seasoned
professionals, they explorestartup concepts and emerging trends, equipping them for success in the
dynamic world of business.STARTUP STREET:?Discover Innovation at The Startup
Street?Experience a showcase of entrepreneurial ingenuity at The Startup Street, where startups
presenttheir products and services to investors, industrialists, students, and customers. This
exhibition offers a unique opportunity to network and engage directly with founders and co-founders,
gaining insights into their journey and vision. With a diverse array of offerings spanning various
fields, everyone can find something to learn from these innovative startups.ETALK:?Past Event
Recap: Emerging Technologies in Every Sector?This event provided invaluable insights from
industry experts on their journey to building successful startups. Attendees had the opportunity to
discover the pathways taken by professionals to cultivate thriving ventures. The event showcased
the latest developments in technology across all domains, featuring speaker profiles including
startup founders, ecosystem members, industry experts,entrepreneurs, finance institutions,
government representatives, investors, and more. Stay tuned for future events!Speakers:Mr. Abdul
Basit Saboowala (Founder & CEO Holo Abdul , Holo Shiksha) Ms. Hetal Kudecha (Foiunder &
Director Discidium Solutions)Ms. Richa Maheshwari (Founder-Evision Training)Ms. Radhika
Bajoria(Founder-Radically Yours Inc USA,Building India?s first prodcast with global women
leaders-?Wiping out the Norm?Mr. Soumyadeep Mukerjee (Building Spice Story, India?s next
Consumer Food SuperBrand )Mr. Pradipta Sahoo (CHRO; Board Member; Aligning Talent
Capability, Change Mgt, Org Culture @ BFSI, ITES, Travel industries)Mr. Zubin Mehta (Top 300
Economic Times Young Leaders, CFA, Mentor& Financial Speaker, ICICI Prudential , Ex- Chegg
Inc,, Ex- Vedanta)Mr. Vishal Rupani (Building Sprect , Ex Co-founder, mCanvas / VP, Affinity ,Scraped Data
Advisor, TripperWifi , LinkedIn CAP 2022 , 40 under 40 , Teacher)Mr. Rammohan Bhave (CA 1980
CMA CS IFRS Faculty/advisor IFRS/Valuation/Strategy/Startup~Ind- Director~Alumna Reliance
Mukesh Ambani, Foundsoft USA, Mittal London~President Asso of Valuation Prof, Limca record)Mr.
Atul Juvle (Consulting Gen. Counsel, TEDx speaker & Independent
Director)2021-2022Entrepreneur Desk:A platform for VCET?s students & professionals to support,
guide and promote their business and startups. Faculty provides proper guidance to the
Entrepreneurs of VCETThis year 6 teams presented their startups,promoted it on this platform and
shared the motivation,struggle,do?s and don?ts while starting their own startup.Startups of
VCET:Startups Founder YearCoding Adda ? Aditya Trivedi, SE-ITDice Bakes ? Lavina Rathod ,
TE-COMPSCafe cineFX ? Studios Sahil Patil, TE-ITThe Food Zest ? Nidhi Mehta, TE-COMPSTeam
Shavy Nutrition ?  Hritik Gavankar, BE-EXTCSharelelo ? Kunal Patwa EXTC, Alumni, 2021
GraduateLights Camera Startup:The E-cell committee organized lights camera startup for VCET?s
students. In this session, students got to know about the various steps required in product
development. Students got to learn that before developing any product research is needed in that
field. The speaker gave us various insights and shared his great knowledge about Product
development. He gave a glimpse of all the processes required to start a career in the product
development industry. The webinar was an interactive one with lots of Q&A sessions from the
audience. The webinar was a great success with splendid interactions. There were total 109
participants.Speakers:Mr. Sikandar Manihar, (Technical Director of FOX DOMOTICS PVT
LTD.)Startup Genesis: A kickstart to your start-up journeyStartup Genesis was a two-days long
workshop program organized by Team E-CELL 2021-22 for young startups and entrepreneurs.
Various experts with years of experience in their fields were invited to speak on a specific topic to
guide young Entrepreneurs and Enthusiasts.Speakers:Mr.Arjun Panchal (Entrepreneur, Startup
mentor)Mr.Dipankar Verma (Mentor, partner terry exports)Mr.Neil Sawant (Founder-NUOSScraped Data
Home)Mr.Brij Parekh (Co-Founder at Brani)Mr.Charudatta Panda (Director at Groples
Solutions)Mr.Mohsin Sheikh (Professor at ASM group of institutes)Mr.Abhijit Barje (co-founder SB
and company)Mr.Vishal Kumar (Chartered Accountant,Co-founder & COO, MSMEx)Mr.Noorian
Panjwani (Senior consultant at Xebia, CEO Space Up Technologies)10. Ms.Trupti Shah (AVR HR &
Admin)Speakers TopicArjun Panchal IdeationDipankar Verma Company FormationNeil Sawant
Product DevelopmentBrij Parekh MarketingCharudatta Panda FinanceMohsin Sheikh Sales and
AdvertisementAbhijit Barje CompliancesVishal Kumar Government SchemesNoorian Panjwani
CompetitorsTrupti Shah Import/Export2020-2021Bizcharcha 20-21:Bizcharcha is an series of
seminar , where in each episode we call various entrepreneurs from various fields to share their
journey, help the students in understanding various aspects of Entrepreneurship.This year the
number of registrations were 110.Speakers:Mr. Rushi Shenghani (Founder of Earth Energy EV,
Mumbai)Mr. Zubin Damania (Co-Founder at Social Media Bundle, Mumbai)Speaker: Ms. Neha
Agarwal (SEO Pioneer, Mompreneur)E-Summit 20-21:In this event various speakers and business
personalities are invited for the event to mentor the youth, the ones who are aspiring to become
entrepreneurs. The event is organized for exploring the startup ideas and the business nature to the
students in the college and also to mentor the students regarding the trends in upcoming
technology. This event takes place for two days.Speakers:Ms. Ritu Malhotra(Founder of ?Anuja
Center for learning? ,Life coach, counsellor,Metaphysician)Mr. Rushikesh Pandit (Fonder of
?BitPandit?, digital Marketing Trainer & Specialists, Startup Consultant)Ms. Prachi Tehlan (Actress,
Sportsperson, Enterpreneur)Ms. Pallavi Mukherjee (Founder and CEO of ?Pop Diaries?)Mr. Anand
Prabhudesai (Co-Founder of ?Turtlemint?)Mr. Praful Sharma( First generation entrepreneur in
Finance and Renewable Energy)Mr. Anurag Khurana(Co-Founder & CEO of ?Newgen
Gaming?,Esports ConsultantMs. Saumya Iyer (Mobile Game Producer at ? Gear Inc.?,worked as an
Assistant Producer at ?EA? and a Game Producer at ?GSN?)Internship Fair 20-21:It is a two-dayScraped Data
program where various companies come to college and students get a chance to give an interview
in their choice of company. The Internship fair is held for students who require internships and help
them to get a kick start to their careers. It helps students to inculcate skills that will be required in the
corporate market and help them in the career growth. Internship Fair of the year 2020-21 was a
two-day event held on 15th and 16th May 2021. There were in total 13 companies for the event. The
registration for the internship fair was about 119 students in total.Companies Visited
:KraftpixelRyutek TechnologiesAutocalA-Dot CreationCerebro SparkAbner SecurityNavyuvak
EnterprisesBooklusticFashion TVModern InnovativeOrena SolutionsSpicetechSymphony
InfotechBizmaster 20-21:It is a business plan competition, students from various fields of interest
present their ideas, business models, strategies.This was the fifth year of Bizmaster organized by
the E-CELL 2020-21 committee.We had 12 teams participating from all over Mumbai. The
committee members worked hard to organize and flourish the event well. This year few participants
got an opportunity for funding.This time the judges were from the business background and investor.
The Total prize money distributed to students were worth of Rs. 40,000/-Judges:-Rushi Shenghani
(Founder of Earth Energy EV)Gaurav Mishra (Founder of Navyuvak Enterprises)Srijit Mondal
(Founder of Pi-Paradox and Booklustic)2019-2020E-Summit:E-Summit is an annual flagship event
effectuated with the intention to foster entrepreneurial initiatives and activities in the campus to
nurture future technopreneurs. E-Summit spanned for two days with speakers from variety of field of
expertise from Business, Marketing, Technology and Content Creation.These speakers help the
students to get motivated towards the business aspect of life, understand how it works and
showcase their ideas on larger platforms to earn capitals to start their ventures.Speakers :Gaurav
Mishra (Product Manager at Rebel Foods)Ravi Poddar(Executive Director,Kyndryl AWS Alliance
leader)Anmol (Food Entrepreneur)Ankita Chawla (Influencer)Divya (Owns start up, raised upto 2
lakhs)Internship Fair 19-20:The Internship fair is held for students who require internships and helpScraped Data
them to get a kick start to their careers. Internships provided to the students selected help them
understand the market, the working of the companies at large and get an understanding of the
corporate world. It helps them to inculcate skills that will be required in the corporate market and
help them in the career growth.Internship Fair was conducted over a span of 2 days with number of
companies providing opportunities to student?s of all branches and with over 400+ registrations.
The interviews were profusely conducted between students and companies for a span of two days
providing student?s with an opportunity to gain experience of interviews and test their knowledge
and skills for the industry.2018-19E-SUMMIT 19E-Summit ?19 conducted by E-CELL committee
under the guidance of Prof. Chandan Kolvankar was a successful event. This was Plenty of
speakers from the business background spoke at length on entrepreneurial skills. All the seminars
conducted were very informative. This event takes place for two days.Speakers for E-Summit?19Mr.
Subhash Talekar(President, Mumbai Dabbawalas Association)Mr. Gejo Sreenivasan(Mentor)Mr.
Sumer Singh(Content Developer, Youtuber ?Last Moment Tuitions?)Mr. Gopal Rai(Chairman,
Dhirendra Group of Companies)Mr. Gaurav Mishra (Founder, Navayuvak Entrepreneurs)Mr. Varun
Kodolikar (Creative Wedding Photographer, Kodoclicker)Mr. Abhishek Gharat
(Director,Kraftpixel)Ms. Neha Joshi(Co-founder, Finden Godigital)Ms. Gayatri Kale(Co-founder,
Finden Godigital)Ms. Remya Narayanankutty(Head South Asia Revival Rugs)BIZMASTER
19:Bizmaster?19 a business plan competition, this was the fourth year of Bizmaster organized by
the E-CELL 2019-20 committee. This flagship event of our college was conducted with great
enthusiasm and passion and We Had 9 teams Participating from all over mumbai.The audience
witnessed a great battle among participants from the popular and best colleges across the city. As
said by the judges the competition was a fierce one and they had a tough time deciding a winner .
The winners were awarded cash prizes with ?40,000 and given trophies and certificates .Well
renowned personage from business industry were judges of the completion.The panel of respectedScraped Data
judges were:Ms. Remya Narayanankutty (Director South Asia Revival Rugs)Mr. Gaurav Mishra
(Founder, Navayuvak Entrepreneurs)Mr. Abhishek Gharat (Director,Kraftpixel)2017 ?
2018Internship Fair 2017-2018The team of Ecell 2017-18 put forth the idea of organizing the
internship fair where students had the platform for getting internships at one stop.The team
prepared the Internship Fair within a short period of time.Team tried approaching fifty plus number of
companies to join the Ecell VCET Internship Fair. There was total seven number of companies who
joined the internship fair. Conducted their interview process within the college, they took aptitude
test and interviews of the student.There were two hundred and twenty students who participated in
the internship fair and four hundred and fifty form submissions in total were noted by the
committee.The Companies who took part in the Ecell-VCET Internship Fair:ImpactGuruVPS
TechubRGM TechnologiesEbzaarSeth Group DevelopersVerdantisTech WhizzersBIZMASTER
2018:This was the third year of the Bizmaster organised by Ecell-VCET 2017-18 committee.The
Bizmaster 2018 saw maximum participation by students. Again the committee members worked
hard to flourish the event very well. This time few participants showed up with patents of their
business product or idea.This time Judges were from Business background, industry personages
and we had one judge from google. The prize money distributed to the winners were worth of Rs.
40,000/-The judges were:Mr. Chinmay Gavandkar (Cloud Scale Data & AI,Diversity & Inclusion
Advocate)Mr. Swapnil Karvir (Entrepreneur in Manufacturing & Training Domains)Mr. Amol Patil
(Vice President IT Infrastructure,Cloud IT infrastructure & Digital Transformation
Leader)2016-2017ESUMMIT EVENT 2017:The Ecell Committee of Vidyavardhini?s College of
Engineering & Technology organised Esummit 2017 event under the guidance of Prof. Chandan
Kolvanakar. Various speakers and business personalities were invited for the event to mentor the
youth, the ones who are aspiring to become entrepreneur. The event was organised for exploring
the startup ideas and the business nature to the students in the college and also to mentor theScraped Data
students regarding the trends in upcoming technology.Speakers :Mr. Mukesh Jain (CTO,Cheif
Innovation Officer & VP Insights & Data at Capgemini India)Mr. Ishwar Jha (Founder & CEO at
appetals)Mr. Devdatta Mainkar (CA)Mr. Nishant Patel (founder Raw Engineering)BIZMASTER
2017:The Ecell-VCET 2016-17 team organised the second year of Bizmaster event. This time event
received much more hype from the students.There were total 23+ teams who participated in the
bout.Again just like last year, the judges included personages from business background and
industry professionals. The competition was much tough now. With the proper judging and winning
teams were awarded the prize of worth Rs. 40,000/-. The staff members, students and few industry
based people were the audience of the event and made the event great success.The judges
were:Mr. Mehul Khandedia ? Vice President, EdiffyMr. Swapnil Karvir ? Former Senior Manager,
Axis Bank2015-2016BIZMASTER 2016This is the year when Entrepreneurship Cell was established
in the College along with help of staff members and support from the college management by
students.The 2016 Entrepreneurship Cell of Vidyavardhini?s College of Engineering & Technology
i.e. Ecell-VCET had organised Bizmaster 2016 event.Bizmaster is competitive event, where budding
entrepreneurs come up with new business or startup ideas and try to convince that how good their
idea is and can survive in this ever trending market. Few industry and business based people were
invited in the competition to judge the contestants and mentor them regarding their project. Top
three winners were awarded prizes worth Rs. 40,000/- . The audience included staff members, few
industry based personages and students and they helped in flourishing the event Bizmaster
2016.The judges for Bizmaster 2016 were:Mr. Mehul Khandedia ? Vice President, EdiffyMr. Swapnil
karveer ? Former Senior Manager at Axis Bank
2022-2023Scraped Data
PITCH PERFECT:
Elevate Your Startup Journey Through Pitch Perfect is a transformative event for aspiring
entrepreneurs. Over two days, students immerse themselves in innovation, pitching creative
business ideas to industry experts. With mentorship from seasoned professionals, they explore
startup concepts and emerging trends, equipping them for success in the dynamic world of
business.
STARTUP STREET:
?Discover Innovation at The Startup Street?
Experience a showcase of entrepreneurial ingenuity at The Startup Street, where startups present
their products and services to investors, industrialists, students, and customers. This exhibition
offers a unique opportunity to network and engage directly with founders and co-founders, gaining
insights into their journey and vision. With a diverse array of offerings spanning various fields,
everyone can find something to learn from these innovative startups.
ETALK:
?Past Event Recap: Emerging Technologies in Every Sector?Scraped Data
This event provided invaluable insights from industry experts on their journey to building successful
startups. Attendees had the opportunity to discover the pathways taken by professionals to cultivate
thriving ventures. The event showcased the latest developments in technology across all domains,
featuring speaker profiles including startup founders, ecosystem members, industry experts,
entrepreneurs, finance institutions, government representatives, investors, and more. Stay tuned for
future events!
Speakers:
Mr. Abdul Basit Saboowala (Founder & CEO Holo Abdul , Holo Shiksha) Ms. Hetal Kudecha
(Foiunder & Director Discidium Solutions)
Ms. Richa Maheshwari (Founder-Evision Training)
Ms. Radhika Bajoria(Founder-Radically Yours Inc USA,Building India?s first prodcast with global
women leaders-?Wiping out the Norm?
Mr. Soumyadeep Mukerjee (Building Spice Story, India?s next Consumer Food SuperBrand )
Mr. Pradipta Sahoo (CHRO; Board Member; Aligning Talent Capability, Change Mgt, Org Culture @
BFSI, ITES, Travel industries)
Mr. Zubin Mehta (Top 300 Economic Times Young Leaders, CFA, Mentor& Financial Speaker, ICICIScraped Data
Prudential , Ex- Chegg Inc,, Ex- Vedanta)
Mr. Vishal Rupani (Building Sprect , Ex Co-founder, mCanvas / VP, Affinity , Advisor, TripperWifi ,
LinkedIn CAP 2022 , 40 under 40 , Teacher)
Mr. Rammohan Bhave (CA 1980 CMA CS IFRS Faculty/advisor
IFRS/Valuation/Strategy/Startup~Ind- Director~Alumna Reliance Mukesh Ambani, Foundsoft USA,
Mittal London~President Asso of Valuation Prof, Limca record)
Mr. Atul Juvle (Consulting Gen. Counsel, TEDx speaker & Independent Director)
2021-2022
Entrepreneur Desk:
A platform for VCET?s students & professionals to support, guide and promote their business and
startups. Faculty provides proper guidance to the Entrepreneurs of VCETThis year 6 teams
presented their startups,promoted it on this platform and shared the motivation,struggle,do?s and
don?ts while starting their own startup.
Startups of VCET:
Startups Founder YearCoding Adda ? Aditya Trivedi, SE-ITDice Bakes ? Lavina Rathod ,
TE-COMPSCafe cineFX ? Studios Sahil Patil, TE-ITThe Food Zest ? Nidhi Mehta, TE-COMPSTeamScraped Data
Shavy Nutrition ?  Hritik Gavankar, BE-EXTCSharelelo ? Kunal Patwa EXTC, Alumni, 2021
Graduate
Lights Camera Startup:
The E-cell committee organized lights camera startup for VCET?s students. In this session, students
got to know about the various steps required in product development. Students got to learn that
before developing any product research is needed in that field. The speaker gave us various
insights and shared his great knowledge about Product development. He gave a glimpse of all the
processes required to start a career in the product development industry. The webinar was an
interactive one with lots of Q&A sessions from the audience. The webinar was a great success with
splendid interactions. There were total 109 participants.Speakers:Mr. Sikandar Manihar, (Technical
Director of FOX DOMOTICS PVT LTD.)
Startup Genesis: A kickstart to your start-up journey
Startup Genesis was a two-days long workshop program organized by Team E-CELL 2021-22 for
young startups and entrepreneurs. Various experts with years of experience in their fields were
invited to speak on a specific topic to guide young Entrepreneurs and Enthusiasts.
Speakers:Mr.Arjun Panchal (Entrepreneur, Startup mentor)Mr.Dipankar Verma (Mentor, partner
terry exports)Mr.Neil Sawant (Founder-NUOS Home)Mr.Brij Parekh (Co-Founder at
Brani)Mr.Charudatta Panda (Director at Groples Solutions)Mr.Mohsin Sheikh (Professor at ASM
group of institutes)Mr.Abhijit Barje (co-founder SB and company)Mr.Vishal Kumar (CharteredScraped Data
Accountant,Co-founder & COO, MSMEx)Mr.Noorian Panjwani (Senior consultant at Xebia, CEO
Space Up Technologies)10. Ms.Trupti Shah (AVR HR & Admin)Speakers TopicArjun Panchal
IdeationDipankar Verma Company FormationNeil Sawant Product DevelopmentBrij Parekh
MarketingCharudatta Panda FinanceMohsin Sheikh Sales and AdvertisementAbhijit Barje
CompliancesVishal Kumar Government SchemesNoorian Panjwani CompetitorsTrupti Shah
Import/Export
2020-2021
Bizcharcha 20-21:
Bizcharcha is an series of seminar , where in each episode we call various entrepreneurs from
various fields to share their journey, help the students in understanding various aspects of
Entrepreneurship.This year the number of registrations were 110.
Speakers:
Mr. Rushi Shenghani (Founder of Earth Energy EV, Mumbai)Mr. Zubin Damania (Co-Founder at
Social Media Bundle, Mumbai)Speaker: Ms. Neha Agarwal (SEO Pioneer, Mompreneur)
E-Summit 20-21:In this event various speakers and business personalities are invited for the event
to mentor the youth, the ones who are aspiring to become entrepreneurs. The event is organized for
exploring the startup ideas and the business nature to the students in the college and also to mentor
the students regarding the trends in upcoming technology. This event takes place for twoScraped Data
days.Speakers:Ms. Ritu Malhotra(Founder of ?Anuja Center for learning? ,Life coach,
counsellor,Metaphysician)Mr. Rushikesh Pandit (Fonder of ?BitPandit?, digital Marketing Trainer &
Specialists, Startup Consultant)Ms. Prachi Tehlan (Actress, Sportsperson, Enterpreneur)Ms. Pallavi
Mukherjee (Founder and CEO of ?Pop Diaries?)Mr. Anand Prabhudesai (Co-Founder of
?Turtlemint?)Mr. Praful Sharma( First generation entrepreneur in Finance and Renewable
Energy)Mr. Anurag Khurana(Co-Founder & CEO of ?Newgen Gaming?,Esports ConsultantMs.
Saumya Iyer (Mobile Game Producer at ? Gear Inc.?,worked as an Assistant Producer at ?EA? and
a Game Producer at ?GSN?)
Internship Fair 20-21:It is a two-day program where various companies come to college and
students get a chance to give an interview in their choice of company. The Internship fair is held for
students who require internships and help them to get a kick start to their careers. It helps students
to inculcate skills that will be required in the corporate market and help them in the career growth.
Internship Fair of the year 2020-21 was a two-day event held on 15th and 16th May 2021. There
were in total 13 companies for the event. The registration for the internship fair was about 119
students in total.
Companies Visited :
KraftpixelRyutek TechnologiesAutocalA-Dot CreationCerebro SparkAbner SecurityNavyuvak
EnterprisesBooklusticFashion TVModern InnovativeOrena SolutionsSpicetechSymphony Infotech
Bizmaster 20-21:It is a business plan competition, students from various fields of interest present
their ideas, business models, strategies.This was the fifth year of Bizmaster organized by theScraped Data
E-CELL 2020-21 committee.We had 12 teams participating from all over Mumbai. The committee
members worked hard to organize and flourish the event well. This year few participants got an
opportunity for funding.This time the judges were from the business background and investor. The
Total prize money distributed to students were worth of Rs. 40,000/-
Judges:-Rushi Shenghani (Founder of Earth Energy EV)Gaurav Mishra (Founder of Navyuvak
Enterprises)Srijit Mondal (Founder of Pi-Paradox and Booklustic)
2019-2020
E-Summit:
E-Summit is an annual flagship event effectuated with the intention to foster entrepreneurial
initiatives and activities in the campus to nurture future technopreneurs. E-Summit spanned for two
days with speakers from variety of field of expertise from Business, Marketing, Technology and
Content Creation.These speakers help the students to get motivated towards the business aspect of
life, understand how it works and showcase their ideas on larger platforms to earn capitals to start
their ventures.
Speakers :Gaurav Mishra (Product Manager at Rebel Foods)Ravi Poddar(Executive
Director,Kyndryl AWS Alliance leader)Anmol (Food Entrepreneur)Ankita Chawla (Influencer)Divya
(Owns start up, raised upto 2 lakhs)
Internship Fair 19-20:Scraped Data
The Internship fair is held for students who require internships and help them to get a kick start to
their careers. Internships provided to the students selected help them understand the market, the
working of the companies at large and get an understanding of the corporate world. It helps them to
inculcate skills that will be required in the corporate market and help them in the career
growth.Internship Fair was conducted over a span of 2 days with number of companies providing
opportunities to student?s of all branches and with over 400+ registrations. The interviews were
profusely conducted between students and companies for a span of two days providing student?s
with an opportunity to gain experience of interviews and test their knowledge and skills for the
industry.
2018-19
E-SUMMIT 19
E-Summit ?19 conducted by E-CELL committee under the guidance of Prof. Chandan Kolvankar
was a successful event. This was Plenty of speakers from the business background spoke at length
on entrepreneurial skills. All the seminars conducted were very informative. This event takes place
for two days.Speakers for E-Summit?19Mr. Subhash Talekar(President, Mumbai Dabbawalas
Association)Mr. Gejo Sreenivasan(Mentor)Mr. Sumer Singh(Content Developer, Youtuber ?Last
Moment Tuitions?)Mr. Gopal Rai(Chairman, Dhirendra Group of Companies)Mr. Gaurav Mishra
(Founder, Navayuvak Entrepreneurs)Mr. Varun Kodolikar (Creative Wedding Photographer,
Kodoclicker)Mr. Abhishek Gharat (Director,Kraftpixel)Ms. Neha Joshi(Co-founder, Finden
Godigital)Ms. Gayatri Kale(Co-founder, Finden Godigital)Ms. Remya Narayanankutty(Head South
Asia Revival Rugs)Scraped Data
BIZMASTER 19:Bizmaster?19 a business plan competition, this was the fourth year of Bizmaster
organized by the E-CELL 2019-20 committee. This flagship event of our college was conducted with
great enthusiasm and passion and We Had 9 teams Participating from all over mumbai.The
audience witnessed a great battle among participants from the popular and best colleges across the
city. As said by the judges the competition was a fierce one and they had a tough time deciding a
winner . The winners were awarded cash prizes with ?40,000 and given trophies and certificates
.Well renowned personage from business industry were judges of the completion.
The panel of respected judges were:Ms. Remya Narayanankutty (Director South Asia Revival
Rugs)Mr. Gaurav Mishra (Founder, Navayuvak Entrepreneurs)Mr. Abhishek Gharat
(Director,Kraftpixel)
2017 ? 2018
Internship Fair 2017-2018
The team of Ecell 2017-18 put forth the idea of organizing the internship fair where students had the
platform for getting internships at one stop.The team prepared the Internship Fair within a short
period of time.Team tried approaching fifty plus number of companies to join the Ecell VCET
Internship Fair. There was total seven number of companies who joined the internship fair.
Conducted their interview process within the college, they took aptitude test and interviews of the
student.There were two hundred and twenty students who participated in the internship fair and four
hundred and fifty form submissions in total were noted by the committee.Scraped Data
The Companies who took part in the Ecell-VCET Internship Fair:
ImpactGuruVPS TechubRGM TechnologiesEbzaarSeth Group DevelopersVerdantisTech Whizzers
BIZMASTER 2018:
This was the third year of the Bizmaster organised by Ecell-VCET 2017-18 committee.The
Bizmaster 2018 saw maximum participation by students. Again the committee members worked
hard to flourish the event very well. This time few participants showed up with patents of their
business product or idea.This time Judges were from Business background, industry personages
and we had one judge from google. The prize money distributed to the winners were worth of Rs.
40,000/-
The judges were:
Mr. Chinmay Gavandkar (Cloud Scale Data & AI,Diversity & Inclusion Advocate)Mr. Swapnil Karvir
(Entrepreneur in Manufacturing & Training Domains)Mr. Amol Patil (Vice President IT
Infrastructure,Cloud IT infrastructure & Digital Transformation Leader)
2016-2017
ESUMMIT EVENT 2017:The Ecell Committee of Vidyavardhini?s College of Engineering &
Technology organised Esummit 2017 event under the guidance of Prof. Chandan Kolvanakar.
Various speakers and business personalities were invited for the event to mentor the youth, theScraped Data
ones who are aspiring to become entrepreneur. The event was organised for exploring the startup
ideas and the business nature to the students in the college and also to mentor the students
regarding the trends in upcoming technology.
Speakers :Mr. Mukesh Jain (CTO,Cheif Innovation Officer & VP Insights & Data at Capgemini
India)Mr. Ishwar Jha (Founder & CEO at appetals)Mr. Devdatta Mainkar (CA)Mr. Nishant Patel
(founder Raw Engineering)
BIZMASTER 2017:
The Ecell-VCET 2016-17 team organised the second year of Bizmaster event. This time event
received much more hype from the students.There were total 23+ teams who participated in the
bout.Again just like last year, the judges included personages from business background and
industry professionals. The competition was much tough now. With the proper judging and winning
teams were awarded the prize of worth Rs. 40,000/-. The staff members, students and few industry
based people were the audience of the event and made the event great success.
The judges were:
Mr. Mehul Khandedia ? Vice President, Ediffy
Mr. Swapnil Karvir ? Former Senior Manager, Axis Bank
2015-2016Scraped Data
BIZMASTER 2016
This is the year when Entrepreneurship Cell was established in the College along with help of staff
members and support from the college management by students.The 2016 Entrepreneurship Cell of
Vidyavardhini?s College of Engineering & Technology i.e. Ecell-VCET had organised Bizmaster
2016 event.Bizmaster is competitive event, where budding entrepreneurs come up with new
business or startup ideas and try to convince that how good their idea is and can survive in this ever
trending market. Few industry and business based people were invited in the competition to judge
the contestants and mentor them regarding their project. Top three winners were awarded prizes
worth Rs. 40,000/- . The audience included staff members, few industry based personages and
students and they helped in flourishing the event Bizmaster 2016.
The judges for Bizmaster 2016 were:
Mr. Mehul Khandedia ? Vice President, EdiffyMr. Swapnil karveer ? Former Senior Manager at Axis
Bank
Faculty In ChargeMr. Vikrant 
Agaskarvikrant.agaskar@vcet.edu.in9822836508PostFacultyMemberMr. Vikrant
AgaskarMemberMrs. Mugdha SalviMemberMrs. Shaista KhanamMemberMr. Viren
ChandanshiveMemberMr. Mukund Kavekar
Faculty In ChargeScraped Data
Mr. Vikrant  Agaskar
PreviousNext
Menu
Useful Links
Contact