Scraped Data
Vidyavardhini's College Of Engineering & Technology, Vasai Road
??????????????? ???????????? ??? ?????????? ???????????, ??? ???
(Approved by AICTE, DTE Maharashtra and Affiliated to University of Mumbai)
NBA & NAAC Accredited
German Language Club
Home»German Language Club
Introduction 
:Nowadays, students with knowledge of multiple languages are considered to be one of the talented
students. Such students are recommended for placements in good companies and this is the reason
why college has started with the ?German Language Club? which is welcomed by students of
different department.By learning a foreign language, students can improve their skills which is more
profitable for their personal development as well good for their career. As most of the core
companies are located at Germany, it is a good chance for students to get a job over their by
learning German language. Even if students are looking for higher education in foreign nations, this
language can help them to get into any institute.After joining this club, students will get to learn
German vocabulary which will later result in fluent German communication. Even German basedScraped Data
companies look for individuals who possess this language.The course structure is designed in such
a way that after successful completion, students can be able to attempt A1 certification. The other
benefit of joining the course is that it is provided at affordable ranger. Where other training institutes
cost this course at around Rs. 15,000, the students over here can take the same course for
approximately Rs. 2,000.After successfully completion of this course, an individual can go for A1
Certification. It is an official certification exam for German language. With this certification, they can
be able to apply for MS in foreign institutes by having perk of foreign language.
Introduction 
:
Course Objectives
:1 To learn the basic grammar and vocabulary of German language.2 To conjugate the verbs, word
order, prepositions, construct the sentences whilereading the text.3 To build the sentences with the
prepositions and construct the sentences withPerfect and past tense.4 To examine the culture,
day-to-day life of German family culture and writeessay, email, letter, resume.Course Outcomes 
:1 Understand the basic grammar and vocabulary of German language.2 Conjugate the verbs, word
order, prepositions, construct the sentences while reading the text.3 Build the sentences with the
prepositions and construct the sentences with Perfect and past tense.4 Examine the culture,
day-to-day life of German family culture and write essay, email, letter, resume.Mapping of CO - POScraped Data
Course Objectives
:
1 To learn the basic grammar and vocabulary of German language.2 To conjugate the verbs, word
order, prepositions, construct the sentences whilereading the text.3 To build the sentences with the
prepositions and construct the sentences withPerfect and past tense.4 To examine the culture,
day-to-day life of German family culture and writeessay, email, letter, resume.
Course Outcomes 
:
1 Understand the basic grammar and vocabulary of German language.2 Conjugate the verbs, word
order, prepositions, construct the sentences while reading the text.3 Build the sentences with the
prepositions and construct the sentences with Perfect and past tense.4 Examine the culture,
day-to-day life of German family culture and write essay, email, letter, resume.
Course Contents 
:This syllabus will help the students for German A1 Certification.Start on German.Basic Grammar.In
the language course.Cities-Countries-Languages.People andScraped Data
Houses.Appointments.Orientations.Modal Verbs.Total Hours:52 hoursNote:Teaching hours can
differ due to public holidays, festivals or under any critical circumstances.German A1 Certification
Syllabus
Course Contents 
:
This syllabus will help the students for German A1 Certification.Start on German.Basic Grammar.In
the language course.Cities-Countries-Languages.People and
Houses.Appointments.Orientations.Modal Verbs.
Total Hours:52 hoursNote:Teaching hours can differ due to public holidays, festivals or under any
critical circumstances.
Year 2023-24
:No. of students registered: 28.Declaration of course session: 4th April 2023Commencement of
Course: 27th July 2024Mid -Term Exam: 4th October 2023Year 2022-23
:No. of students registered: 26.Declaration of course session: 5th April 2022Commencement of
Course: 30th July 2022German Certificate Sample CopyGerman Language Club ReportScraped Data
2023-242018-19 To 2023-24 List_of_Students
Year 2023-24
:
No. of students registered: 28.
Declaration of course session: 4th April 2023
Commencement of Course: 27th July 2024
Mid -Term Exam: 4th October 2023
Year 2022-23
:
No. of students registered: 26.
Declaration of course session: 5th April 2022
Commencement of Course: 30th July 2022Scraped Data
PreviousNext
In-Charge :Prof. Yogesh PingleGrundstufe -II Certified (German Language)
In-Charge :
Prof. Yogesh Pingle
Menu
Useful Links
Contact