Scraped Data
VIDYAVARDHINI'S COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY, VASAI ROAD
??????????????? ???????????? ??? ?????????? ???????????, ??? ???
Master of Management Studies (MBA)
(Approved by AICTE, Affiliated to University of Mumbai)
Program Name
MMS
Duration
2 Years
Intake
120
About
Vidyavardhini means a Body committed to enhancement of Knowledge. Vidyavardhini was
established as a registered society in 1970 by late Padmashri H. G. alias Bhausaheb Vartak for theScraped Data
noble cause of education in rural areas. Vidyavardhini?s College of Engineering and Technology,
Vasai is located on the sprawling campus of Vidyavardhini, spread over an area of 12.27 acres. It is
a short, two minutes walk from Vasai Road (W) Railway Station. The college is also accessible by
road from Mumbai. Vidyavardhini Society received approval from AICTE to start the new college of
Engineering & Technology with effect from July, 1994. The college is affiliated to the University of
Mumbai for the four year degree program leading to the degree of Bachelor of Engineering.
                            
                            Master?s in management studies (MMS) is a postgraduate degree program that
focuses on developing managerial and leadership skills in students. It is established in the 2023 in
the Vidyavardhini?s College of Engineering and Technology. It is designed to
                            develop the knowledge, skills, and competencies required for successful
management careers across various industries.The MMS program covers a wide range of subjects
related to business
                            and management, including finance, marketing, human resources, operations,
strategy, and entrepreneurship. It aims to equip students with a solid foundation in these areas,
enabling them to analyse complex business problems,
                            make informed decisions, and effectively lead teams and organizations. MMS
programs typically include a mix of classroom lectures, case studies, projects, internships, and
practical training, offering students hands-on experience
                            and exposure to real-world business scenarios. The program duration may vary,
but it is generally completed within two years.Upon completion of the MMS degree, graduates can
pursue diverse career paths in areas such
                            as consulting, marketing, finance, operations, human resources, and general
management. The degree serves as a steppingstone for managerial roles in both corporate andScraped Data
entrepreneurial settings, offering opportunities for personal
                            and professional growth.
Eligibility Criteria
Should have completed their graduation in any discipline from a recognized university.
General category students should have scored a minimum of 50% aggregate marks in their
graduation.
For reserved category students, the minimum aggregate marks required are 45%.
Gallery
Founder President Late H.G. Vartak
Campus
Auditorium
MMS Classroom
MMS ClassroomScraped Data
3rd Floor Seminar Hall
3rd Floor Seminar Hall
Ground Floor Seminar Hall
Faculty
Dr. Shital Patil
Ph.D. (Commerce & Management), M.M.S. (Finance)18 Years Teaching Exp.
Ms. Helena Alphanso
Pursuing Ph.D., M.M.S. (HRM), M.Com.14 Years Teaching Exp.
Ms Candida Gomes
M.M.S. (Finance), M.Com.6 Years Teaching Exp., 4 Years Corporate Exp.
Ms Shruti Arekar
M.M.S. (HRM), M.Com.8 Years Teaching Exp., 3 Years Corporate Exp.Scraped Data
Dr. Thaksen Parvat
M.B.A. (Mktg), Ph.D. (CSE)Visiting Faculty
Dr. Arvind Ubale
MMS (FINANCE), M.COM, MSW, DBM, ICWAI, LLB NET&SETVisiting Faculty
Mr. Swapnil Karvir
MMS (Mktg) FROM JAMNALAL BAJAJ INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT, HEAD BUSINESS
DEVELOPMENT - S.S.DIESVisiting Faculty
VCET.
K.T. Marg, Vartak College Campus, Vasai Road (W), Dist-Palghar, Vasai, Maharashtra
401202Phone:0250-233 9486Email:vcet_inbox@vcet.edu.in