Scraped Data
Vidyavardhini's College Of Engineering & Technology, Vasai Road
??????????????? ???????????? ??? ?????????? ???????????, ??? ???
(Approved by AICTE, DTE Maharashtra and Affiliated to University of Mumbai)
NBA & NAAC Accredited
Research Home
Home»Introduction
Introduction
Research is an integral part of the activities of Vidyavardhini?s College of Engineering and
Technology Vasai. The institute faculty and students carry out research in their domain area of
interest across all academic departments. The faculty members are actively conduct research
projects sponsored by various government agencies and industries. The aim of these sponsored
research is categorized in a wide spectrum from advancement of theoretical concepts till the
development of new technologies to solve practical problems.
Sponsored research undertaken by faculty members has contributed in terms of knowledge
improvement both theoretical and practical. It also helped to bring the academia closer to the
industry. The sponsored research projects add infrastructure to research laboratories throughScraped Data
acquisition of modern equipments. The undergraduate student groups got the facility of different
research equipment and training of it which improves their skill, add on knowledge. The students of
all academic programs are guided to participate in research conventions, competitions across
country for improving presentation skill, interaction with fellow researchers and their work.
The outcome of research will be published further in the referred journals, renowned conferences,
book chapters, intellectual property right by faculty members. The institute has collaboration with
institute of importance within country for research activities wherein faculty members are sponsored
to undergo research work as a part of their Ph.D. thesis.  The Research and Development Office is
the wing of the Institute which facilitates, channelizes, records, and regulates as per the Institute
rules for all activities.
Dr. Ashish J. Chaudhari
Menu
Useful Links
Contact