Scraped Data
Vidyavardhini's College Of Engineering & Technology, Vasai Road
??????????????? ???????????? ??? ?????????? ???????????, ??? ???
(Approved by AICTE, DTE Maharashtra and Affiliated to University of Mumbai)
NBA & NAAC Accredited
Student's Council
Home»Student?s Council
? Foster leadership, represent student interests, and enhance the sense of community.? Promote
physical fitness, sportsmanship, and teamwork among students.? Cultivate social responsibility,
volunteerism, and community service.? Nourish literary and creative talents, enhance language
skills, and encourage critical thinking.? Promote cultural exchange, unity, and celebrate India?s
cultural diversity.? These committees collectively contribute to the overall development of students,
offering them opportunities for personal growth, community engagement, and cultural
enrichment.Best Outgoing StudentRishabh TripathiComputer Engineering DepartmentBatch : 2023
? 2024
? Foster leadership, represent student interests, and enhance the sense of community.? Promote
physical fitness, sportsmanship, and teamwork among students.? Cultivate social responsibility,
volunteerism, and community service.? Nourish literary and creative talents, enhance languageScraped Data
skills, and encourage critical thinking.? Promote cultural exchange, unity, and celebrate India?s
cultural diversity.? These committees collectively contribute to the overall development of students,
offering them opportunities for personal growth, community engagement, and cultural enrichment.
Best Outgoing Student
Rishabh Tripathi
Computer Engineering Department
Batch : 2023 ? 2024
FE Orientation:A formal meet is arranged for the FE students where in the convoluted domains
pertaining to academics by means of an elaborate overview of the engineering curriculum. An
informal orientation is organized by Students? Council where the freshers are imparted with few tips
and tricks to tackle both academics as well as extra-curricular. The students are informed about the
various clubs and committees within the college and the events that they participate in and conduct.
They are also made familiar with the nearby places of visit and acquainted with the basic rules and
regulations of the college. A booklet is also provided to the students which includes the details about
the college premises and other information.Fresher?s Party:Fresher?s Party? the first event for the
first-year students is hosted by Students? Council at its apex grandeur and elaboration. The day is
marked with pulsating enthusiasm, excitement, and anticipation among all the FE Students. Every
year a theme is decided and title for Mr. and Ms. Fresher?s are announced too. Various games and
activities are organized wherein the first-year students participate and enjoy to theirScraped Data
fullest.Teacher?s Day :5th September marks the Birth Anniversary of our former President and
renowed teacher Dr. Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan. On this occasion Students? Council hosts
Teacher?s Day celebration keeping up with tradition of VCET, the teachers are welcomed with a
rose and a card along with countless number of wishes. The celebration is scheduled in the evening
and all the teaching and non-teaching staff are cordially invited for the same. The teachers enjoy the
event and eventually engage into quirky and captivating fun games planned for them. The day ends
in high spirits and appreciation from Teachers for Councils? efforts.Garba Night :The auspicious
festival of Navratri is celebrated by the staffs and students of VCET with great fever and enthusiasm.
The event begins with worshipping of Goddess Durga by our Principal, after which the students and
teachers dance to the upbeat and traditional Garba tunes played by the DJ. Students dress up
beautifully and enjoy the beats with their synchronous and energetic Garba moves. There are prizes
for energetic Garba moves and colourful costumes.CL MEET :The Contingent Leaders (CL) Meet is
a pre-event gathering conducted before the annual college cultural fest, Zeal. During this meet,
contingent leaders from various colleges across Mumbai come together to foster collaboration and
camaraderie. The primary aim of the CL Meet is to publicize Zeal, ensuring wide participation and
generating excitement for the upcoming cultural fest. Additionally, it facilitates the exchange of ideas
and participation strategies among the leaders, enhancing the overall experience of the fest. While
the CL Meet happens around the cultural fest, its impact and objectives extend throughout the entire
year, continually promoting engagement and involvement in Zeal.costumes.Zeal :The annual
cultural fest ZEAL is a fiesta encompassing every form of art be it dance, dramatics, music, literary
or fine arts. Zeal cultural festival is made bigger and better with the huge affluence of participants
from all over Mumbai, most distinguished judges, and the most electric atmosphere. There are three
days of pre-ZEAL including traditional day, formals day and street funk. On the third day of
pre-ZEAL, a grand inauguration is held wherein the distinguished and proficient personalities areScraped Data
invited as Chief Guest and Guest of Honour.The Students? Council then begins preparing for the
most anticipated cultural fest, that is ZEAL. When it comes to cultural uplifting, Zeal is certainly one
of the highlights of our college.  From brainstorming ideas to watching the live streams of ZEAL is an
experience that every Students? Council member will never forget. All in all, the Students? Council
takes immense pride and gratitude for achieving everything that is planned every year with great
success and joy.BE Farewell :With Zeal being on extravaganza of energy, enthusiasm, and
electrifying aura to be in, the cherry on the cake for the Students Council is the BE Farewell. The BE
Farewell witnesses an over enthusiastic crowd who with their presence make the atmosphere a
heavenly space. The BEs dance and groove their hearts out to the electrifying beats of the DJ and
enjoy to their fullest.CONTACT Us Instagram Click here
FE Orientation:
A formal meet is arranged for the FE students where in the convoluted domains pertaining to
academics by means of an elaborate overview of the engineering curriculum. An informal orientation
is organized by Students? Council where the freshers are imparted with few tips and tricks to tackle
both academics as well as extra-curricular. The students are informed about the various clubs and
committees within the college and the events that they participate in and conduct. They are also
made familiar with the nearby places of visit and acquainted with the basic rules and regulations of
the college. A booklet is also provided to the students which includes the details about the college
premises and other information.
Fresher?s Party:Scraped Data
Fresher?s Party? the first event for the first-year students is hosted by Students? Council at its apex
grandeur and elaboration. The day is marked with pulsating enthusiasm, excitement, and
anticipation among all the FE Students. Every year a theme is decided and title for Mr. and Ms.
Fresher?s are announced too. Various games and activities are organized wherein the first-year
students participate and enjoy to their fullest.
Teacher?s Day :
5th September marks the Birth Anniversary of our former President and renowed teacher Dr.
Sarwapalli Radhakrishnan. On this occasion Students? Council hosts Teacher?s Day celebration
keeping up with tradition of VCET, the teachers are welcomed with a rose and a card along with
countless number of wishes. The celebration is scheduled in the evening and all the teaching and
non-teaching staff are cordially invited for the same. The teachers enjoy the event and eventually
engage into quirky and captivating fun games planned for them. The day ends in high spirits and
appreciation from Teachers for Councils? efforts.
Garba Night :
The auspicious festival of Navratri is celebrated by the staffs and students of VCET with great fever
and enthusiasm. The event begins with worshipping of Goddess Durga by our Principal, after which
the students and teachers dance to the upbeat and traditional Garba tunes played by the DJ.
Students dress up beautifully and enjoy the beats with their synchronous and energetic Garba
moves. There are prizes for energetic Garba moves and colourful costumes.Scraped Data
CL MEET :
costumes.
Zeal :
The Students? Council then begins preparing for the most anticipated cultural fest, that is ZEAL.
When it comes to cultural uplifting, Zeal is certainly one of the highlights of our college.  From
brainstorming ideas to watching the live streams of ZEAL is an experience that every Students?
Council member will never forget. All in all, the Students? Council takes immense pride and
gratitude for achieving everything that is planned every year with great success and joy.
BE Farewell :
With Zeal being on extravaganza of energy, enthusiasm, and electrifying aura to be in, the cherry on
the cake for the Students Council is the BE Farewell. The BE Farewell witnesses an over
enthusiastic crowd who with their presence make the atmosphere a heavenly space. The BEs dance
and groove their hearts out to the electrifying beats of the DJ and enjoy to their fullest.
CONTACT Us Instagram Click here
PreviousNext
Dean of Student AffairsScraped Data
:Dr. Madhavi WaghmareInformation Technologymadhavi.waghmare@vcet.edu.inStaff Committee
:PostNameDepartmentDean of Student AffairsDr. Madhavi WaghmareINFTMemberMr. Vinay
PatelMECHMemberMr. Tusharkumar RautMECHMemberMr. Vikrant AgaskarCOMPMemberDr.
Pradip GulbhileCSE DSMemberMr. Yogesh PingleCSE DSMemberMr. Jaydeep
ChouguleCIVILMemberMr. Prakash PandaCIVILMemberMr. Sandeep PawarEXTCMemberMs.
Shraddha GosaviEXTCMemberMs. Snehal MhatreINFTMemberMs. Kamini MoreMECHMemberMs.
Praiza GonsalvesCIVILMemberMs. Komal ChampnerkarCSE DSMemberMs. Prachi
ShahCOMPMemberMs. Bhavika GharatAIDSMemberMr. Raunak JoshiAIDSMemberMs. Sonia
KhatuCOMPMemberMs. Tanya D?souzaEXTCMemberMs. Sujal PatilINSTMemberMr. Kishor
PitaleMECHMemberMr. Amol ChaudhariMECHMemberMrs. Madhu LadeEXTCMemberMs.
Harshada BhoirCOMPMemberMr. Prakash BobateEXTCMemberMr. Harshad PatilCIVILMemberMr.
Salim KhanADMINMemberMr. Ganesh GharatCOMP
Dean of Student Affairs
:
Dr. Madhavi Waghmare
Information Technology
Staff Committee
:Scraped Data
Menu
Useful Links
Contact