Scraped Data
Vidyavardhini's College Of Engineering & Technology, Vasai Road
??????????????? ???????????? ??? ?????????? ???????????, ??? ???
(Approved by AICTE, DTE Maharashtra and Affiliated to University of Mumbai)
NBA & NAAC Accredited
HACKATHON
Home»HACKATHON
VCET-Hackathon is an inter-collegiate national level coding competition which involves 30 hours of
incessant coding followed by the pitching round. Participants have to come up with some working
prototype/solutions to address some worthy and challenging problems in these 30 hours after which
the projects are judged by a panel of judges. There is a continuous monitoring of the projects by the
jury members. Several jury rounds are conducted in these 30 hours. Experts from top companies
like Google, AWS, TCS, etc. are invited in the judging panel who validates the projects/solutions of
the participants. There has been a remarkable growth in the number of teams participating in the
hackathon over the years.
VCET-Hackathon is an inter-collegiate national level coding competition which involves 30 hours of
incessant coding followed by the pitching round. Participants have to come up with some working
prototype/solutions to address some worthy and challenging problems in these 30 hours after whichScraped Data
the projects are judged by a panel of judges. There is a continuous monitoring of the projects by the
jury members. Several jury rounds are conducted in these 30 hours. Experts from top companies
like Google, AWS, TCS, etc. are invited in the judging panel who validates the projects/solutions of
the participants. There has been a remarkable growth in the number of teams participating in the
hackathon over the years.
Objectives :To Orient Students Towards Building A Team.To Orient Students Towards Innovative
Thinking.To Expose Students to Professional Business Applications.To Drive Students Towards
Tireless Pursuit of Problem-Solution
Objectives :
Outcomes :Students will be able to :Analyze the functional requirements of the given problem
statementDesign a cost-effective solution and deploy the sameAnalyze the business value of the
applicationProvide innovative and progressive solutions
Outcomes :
Staff List :Sr.No.Name1.Dr. Thaksen Parvat (HOD)2.Dr. Archana Ekbote (Coordinator)3.Mr. Sainath
Patil4.Dr. Ashish Vanmali5.Mr. Chandan Kolvankar6.Dr. Madhavi Waghmare7.Ms. Vaishali
Shirsath8.Ms. Anagha Patil9.Ms. Bharati Gondhalekar10.Ms. Pragati Patil11.Ms. Snehal
Mhatre13.Mr. Nitin Shingane14Ms. Harita Raut15Mr. Amol Patil16Ms. Komal Shringarpure18.Mr.Scraped Data
Nilesh Patil19.Mr. Kalpak Patil
Staff List :
Team Hackathon?23
B.E Recruit :
Menu
Useful Links
Contact